Airline Route Mapper
Version 1.2.0.6  (2009-09-21)
Copyright 2007-2009 by the author

Data set: 2009-10-12

USE AT YOUR OWN RISK. NO WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE IS MADE OR
IMPLIED. NOT VALID FOR NAVIGATION OR FLIGHT PLANNING. THE AUTHOR OF
THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY LOSSES, INJURIES OR DAMAGES
SUSTAINED AS A RESULT OF USING THIS SOFTWARE. BY CLICKING "OK", YOU
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.

This tool allows you to view route maps of many airlines.

To move the map around, drag it with either the left mouse button or
the mouse wheel depressed. To change the zoom factor, rotate the mouse
wheel.

On the toolbar, you can restrict the airports and routes displayed to
specific airline(s). You can also toggle the display of
codeshare/regional flights, the display of all routes flown by the
selected airline(s) and a few other display options.

Hovering with the mouse over an airport or a route will display
information about it in a small pop-up window. Clicking on the airport
with the left mouse button will display all routes flown from/to this
airport by the airline(s) selected. You can display routes for several
airports by clicking them with the Shift key depressed. To deselect all
airports, click anywhere in the empty space on the map.

The information in this program was compiled from several sources and
may not be current, accurate or complete. If using for travel planning,
always cross-check with actual airline timetables!

I made this tool for my personal enjoyment and am making it available
to fellow FlyerTalkers.


cockpitvisit


PRIVACY INFORMATION

This program does not require an Internet connection and does not
transmit or receive any information over the Internet. It also does not
collect or store any personally identifiable information locally.
